# Environment Variables

<table><thead><tr><th width="225">Name</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>PUID</code><br><br>(required)</td><td>Used to set the user the container should run as.<br><br>- Default:<code>1000</code></td></tr><tr><td><code>PGID</code><br><br>(required)</td><td>Used to set the group the container should run as.<br><br>- Default:<code>1000</code></td></tr><tr><td><code>APP_NAME</code></td><td>Used to define the application's name in the dashboard and in notifications.<br><a href="../../help/faqs.md#i-get-a-warning-on-container-start-up-that-the-app_key-is-missing">FAQ</a></td></tr><tr><td><code>APP_KEY</code></td><td><p>Key used to encrypt and decrypt data. To create your own key to persist run<code>php artisan key:generate --show</code>from within the running container.</p><p></p><p>Make sure to include the prepended<code>base64:</code>prefix.</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>CONTENT_WIDTH</code></td><td>Width of the content section of each page. Can be set to any value found in the Filament<a href="https://filamentphp.com/docs/3.x/panels/configuration#customizing-the-maximum-content-width">docs</a>.<br><br>- Default:<code>7xl</code></td></tr><tr><td><code>PUBLIC_DASHBOARD</code></td><td>Enables the public dashboard for guest (unauthenticated) users.<br><br>- Default:<code>false</code></td></tr><tr><td><code>DASHBOARD_POLLING</code></td><td>Frequency charts and stats refresh on the dashboard. Can be represented using a string in seconds or<code>false</code>to disable.<br><br>- Default:<code>60s</code></td></tr><tr><td><code>NOTIFICATION_POLLING</code></td><td>Frequency database notifications are polled. Can be represented using a string in seconds or<code>false</code>to disable.<br><br>- Default:<code>60s</code></td></tr><tr><td><code>RESULTS_POLLING</code></td><td>Frequency data refreshes in the results table. Can be represented using a string in seconds or<code>false</code>to disable.<br><br>- Default:<code>false</code></td></tr><tr><td><code>MAIL_ENCRYPTION</code></td><td>Mail encryption used for sending test results and notifications trough email.<br>Can be<code>ssl</code>or<code>tls</code><br></td></tr><tr><td><code>MAIL_FROM_ADDRESS</code></td><td>Email address used for sending test results and notifications trough email.</td></tr><tr><td><code>MAIL_FROM_NAME</code></td><td>Name used for sending test results and notifications trough email.</td></tr><tr><td><code>MAIL_HOST</code></td><td>SMTP server used for sending test results and notifications trough email.</td></tr><tr><td><code>MAIL_MAILER</code></td><td>Email protocol used for sending test results and notifications trough email.</td></tr><tr><td><code>MAIL_PASSWORD</code></td><td>SMTP password from email address used for sending test results and notifications trough email.</td></tr><tr><td><code>MAIL_PORT</code></td><td>SMTP port from email server used for sending test results and notifications trough email.</td></tr><tr><td><code>MAIL_USERNAME</code></td><td>Username from SMTP server used for sending test results and notifications trough email.</td></tr><tr><td><code>TZ</code></td><td>Time zone used to get the date and time of tests</td></tr><tr><td><code>APP_URL</code></td><td>URL used on emails sent.<br>That URL is the one that appears on links that are sent trough email<a href="../../help/faqs#notifications">FAQ</a></td></tr></tbody></table>
